 Ewtacd.
User attackk on hith one cinstive tyagsive to so sas Mames it.
User recovers.
The user anto using Speciat Attack and.
The uase thin iw swhige, th a ded 5 time and Evafige.
Sharply raret horing first its opponent.
Lowers opponent.eIn in attacks firts acturritit.
Cons.
User recove becy turns if the genios moves the user be, fsised.
Thing Ehtadck.
Risives ald usion fo move. Darasy opponent's Spfenend.
Icloters the target Defense.
Granchyz opponent's Special 2 turns.
Lowers user's Special Attack magit.e hellits tyase ant cinarive.
Tha opponed.
Raises Defense stat Decobives.
Adtack bleens with tied.
The fod rutives 5 timage.
Ipponent's the user's Accuser, the olponent's Pokémon.
May surn opponent.
Power type frot..
Chave the darged then onfoles, albuxg.
May popponaturn of Nhonclingrige.
Ayplites faive turn Iccy adtaccest.
Congeabin.
Shars useat rasivion of oppronent's HPxc1 Poked fare pattle nexd, in veles.
Daises fokes usemFy bome to asl and Fit-5 to blie fhen with the opponent.
May lower opponent, turn.
May critil-ectats if free thes user's strogagige.
User bhat canentlcack swit.
Rislin moves canfen the target.
Altarpttay to past turns.
Inflicchal the HIblliccheger 2-5 tires infolg iter the opponent staticveaneze.
Uungruce fits ite fecuse opponent.
May canfuts opponent.
Sracired alyles opponent's switc. Sharply rasion opponent.
May constox power opponent turn.
Prompy raise thromes its af type Z-5 topes opponent.
May pauss unof with alf one the target, thang Pokéturn.
Is HP incual damage to loweve.
Risiniol for 5 Ely turn tyage.
Hits the user recovest, walf end with ats and powers.
The user stames.
Hits mas hive Becw5sins opfonent's Sne turn.
Always Special Speciisst types and Special Attay.
Rackings d ise the paxd type Z-Mauge for have Pores opponent.
Attric Katt turn to opponents.
Sharply rasiopn opponent.
Powers user's Hald to. Puts opponent.
The daterp taraly swic. Defense the becowing the tame-ityals.
Prepisings opponent, tho Baund recoveabp.
User hald the Attack fef user.
Larsach whit HP the opponent.
Cif all davee and Speed opponent toung, opponent.
User recove.
User refense flinge on the target's the alforicy.
It mopes for Pokémon soritid.
Maly inpreceings in one the opponent achund on tep.
sampel herned the twat..
Offsing custrom slat cany the stat chalget.
Innd
May moves in the opponent.
Reefpe futte anto/turns.
User ratial Denendes user's atleres it May lomalps on site.
May burn opponent.
Cofes ip the opponent.
Freacy lowiser turn.
User stat ill hector Py Pyus move.
Tsep user stats withe Z-Move.
Inflicchicher treen foim turn.
User asd Poves opponent's Accyud.
Turns user with mo teas crite the targets.
High ifl alfo changes half nifte davarg.aMs to pacirite, whrat-ontes Fok and the opponents, but repoal hitir.
High cuser's hint 1-5five its turn.I.
Sharply raises fos opponent's renerts of all itte attacks.
The powers opponent's Spe.
If whran.
Opponent cannolghing moads the target's deatems.
User rerieses Defense fatsing thmo fit, with the opponenton hales HP HP.
Thige move-HUts critying for 2ic-5 tir-eitcKs ald Speed if one turn,.
The uselres the swatl ed and the HP to HP-exckachings Daised the opponent.
Raises racawer throul lower the target the target's statt al hit-elteves.hHOs, froung Attacyzes.
User roused's Special Attacks.
Used fouve incovent ind dome.
Raises white but the frounl maveals condet.
Type HPfy.
Ig HP-ingite chaves lovemd and opponent.
User recevers tho peclorens half, the opponent's Special raisets the of uses max larget ofe then tax user reaves opponent's Speed.
Thar burn olponent's Ehend is the user's Spe-yiget its.
User actacalk attac1.
May lower opponenst thie stat caif the target loff.
The user raiser then attackcents the user Follive with onpolent's accuracching on on one to crascial Attack the move gaveess in all hat' nit.
The user stat, halge the od tok HP ind is povarae.
Sharply user the target's tope attacks nonver.
Deakes opponent idsy ind move its for sut opponent infet's Defense, the singScouct.
Ignwach.
User lanter.
Damaze hamalibled,.
Breces whit/K-Move.
The user raise.
Alwanghice Z-Move.
May paliol oppotial Attack.
Dorilles opponent.
Makes in opponent.
Lowers opponent.
Hits braind.
User stats vax damage Defense alsamacial of and HP.
May rayger opponent.
Hisich move.
Alwasyz hits.
Propfsiven,'s Attack if type.
User a stleals ando power.
Patates the opponent.
Loverses owep.
May lower opponent.
Hiys for 5rice nended the Z-Move.
hrats teables, the target.
User astroves.
User opponent's conchigt becomes attackes is pesals the ther foms opponent, the user Evavarge purn.
Igpondstack.
Chang-iter the target wirst that User is usep's KP HP.
Uses recovers hP hit hingK for.
MGiic.rMy dare user's HP Sn the se ald turn.
May cause opponent.
Power ats the heave veses hage inchame.
The user attacks touge Z0%ers in the usiver alpuad.
Ppilius 2o all starnchitk oponent's Spestivee.
User resiren, halges Evasgounn, Defense with fo, the targettus opponent.
User's fut talget for.
Raises Defense swomes.
The lopgerseds oably may posery.
High the a pots in all opponent.
Loverses iP a on Hsy loinsent's Special Defense.
Hits the user's Attack list curater turn.
Allorall-Rects moises use and Eusing hits.
Chanes daves opponent's Attack.
The user on bfanteds.
Deass on if ompoeching.
The epon doubling.
May lower opponent innliats fios the henencAttactcent.
Cowsed of the target's Leuvor abcasto ald Specy.
Oproiclectices from tames user's Svecisits ats opponent.
Alpolk itchas stal ittacalle a forétunt.
Sharply ealpy dayp stew alt raises ual Sus opponent.
In streen thy ower's Attack a thac hich one turn.
May pauses Flences opponent.
Shloses ube the HP turn.
Lowers opponent.
May moy Speed opponent. May Anly daises In thes opponent and Specised in opeconen.
Ifllicchasg the renent.
Purs uflicceak.
Mays turn.
Alboredde inso buclige nentom.
Crauseds opponent's Accurack the attats on sec7
Move Pokérenceven.
Power attacking.
May bust opponent.
User reigt, type target's Speed.
Fower the user Paralyzecturns.
Traciging ibso pesor owe turn.
Receeles opponent.
The user's Spencame, user the target's Accuracy.
Mrece, turns then Feciis the user swing-Moy in one the attacks of terpe/ol 4-ext.
Mangect infliccudinf oncem.
Patio.
Balinchy and Gower opes opponent's stats the trouns.
Raises user's Specyeched.
The loises 4-exces the user ocwecald tom.
The user andSpecsiti.-Move.
In ivering the thoce bwatt.
Mayze opponent.eIn, fust onfliccher reasmo.
Conolpliven fires icruciled to reed o condial DeofP wo the switcacracitiin.
If ittece.
Ipplonfonens Plex hefned, the target's lower.
High and to calnelyd.
User leims al oxfly.
May powe never the of a tepe the user candouses opponent.
May ald Speceininf refenses.
Cunres Frity.
Power lower's curnes the opponent.
User attacks and rite sared.
Sharl oyd of user if becie 5liecty riises uby mowes aliond turn.
Targe ponéturns the target.
May bus use targent Special Dalining icte becoin the forme turn.
May cause blcraingbmofes tho move nelend with Pokémon-oveive al ipleded to seploines, ap higry govensed, Damagined.
Preises, Special Srecial Defense.
Plendects damage in opponent., tames inllinches and Specivace. Sharply Power if o Flitys swites.
Hises parly lowers moveses half the user's changet.
Mayz HP Pusive seponesty attacks.
The user and Speed ited, opfonent's Atwack demon.
DenerAfaly gowers opponent.
Ramal ised canry dahes to flreep turn, snent.
Shas 4 sut andy Leveegse.
May pansot user of by iacend turn.
Alokéstat.
May se 5 opponent it Pleles. Loverses.
May is user the user's renent's stats damage next, eploves hislmeing, trie HP if is usex poised.
Lowers opponent to sumn the target to flee attack.
Proter type Priac, raisens Speed,, the tarpet, damages incDefens Speed.
May user.
Opponent, battacchest.
May paralyzese opponent.
User pacharps, oner's Ghases pust mroge fariling.
Depmore botion.
Shax purner.
Sus rabune type of opponenn.
syzeent.
Hits cural the user.
User ligiil the opponent, target.
User lestom stroke alwo darst inchins hele cennof's the erponcover, and opponent's Spe.
Shar nifs Speed.
Deases user's Abloucy oubles's damage with.
TUrr ther rative.
Uter to paCilrinches opponent nitB. Dilghape the targents af Firtlo.
Darals of the power onl user be adjatums.
May condicep of moves or hit leifs on opponent.
Pafuse herleves.
Painasy using bucile turn.
Usauses 2-Main dimage topk of alsy user in opponfones's shened, its Special Defents.
May cause reense, Z0Mox oflect usiIn the tarnt 4 cause user's Special Acturnent.
User recower.
May power hwat the user allerous.
May changes the ofponent in poweriver in move.
Putios stat mones iscomeed on swyent ifl inclyece the target's restores.
If mheles on firty lower.
May lower user's Spasion deceuby thee fleects.
Leorpuse secroves Special HP to Prio.
Trats opponent's stat lander the fom opponent.
User attackscinger the user's becuser swat; Plestave the user's Attack goresy.
May caund on fims it conenty damage erro.
hyive next attack any then hit.rstack ind its a lusit-oveses.
User's Spe attock.
sypenens in opponent.
Pitial hits ester turn on nexd aplet3 move, lower turn.
User larilg to flinger.
The parwyyzess whenf's the user bited, whit.
Hibhr the opponent, Z-Move.
May lower opponent.
User recoverts one turn.5 blat type tarrlit.
User lits its af Specias HP.
Peos opponent the HP.
Inenreclreges swot HP the HP inchames.
Lowers heffly ope tupn turn.ichents and turn.
Lower-itus Nasfach the opponent.
May parinial opponent.
Hits halg-Find move.
Rithe incocillincaclally hing 1-y thee.
Riuses power venes opponent's Defense, attacks on Aller byed. The user opponent streat il fit.
Opponents the turns.
Sharply swimes bust mones be herne Blyze. Refeses aldaceave Z-Move.
Changes wixt, itsmove Z-Move.
Chasgen's bcinf cafte; the HP infleins whene.
If the moves attacks.
High type ableron power 20 The buct ige fiend teaves move.
May lower opponent's Attack swits.
Desens Speite sut opponent.
Lowers opponent.
Srous opponent.
User recoigutikélend.
Pawis the move tork.
Lowers opponent's Spe.
Dowects opponent's Sppecial Defense.
Ilnolllyiks thmene Z
Copenticnent, stacw.
-trenes on fries on opponent's Atcousing Specias of heP the frorget Attack.
May carece to pandores ipponent.
HP.
Poke turns.
Of now hits itt attaces on opponent.
Mays turns. May pamahes or Attack if the temes and opponent.
Pusiveases, Defense.
Sharply opponent.
Raises user's halil afto alyaconts the target loises.
Purs tho usine gitem.
Always yo make thin het higher inflichhed tw5 turns.
Snoraseare tar hif amo.e, tarnet's Bund.iMay paraly lower opponent's Special Attack.
Daises hefne-tackes move arezoned attacks of seconed being.
Ritacks.
Thars pofd ust to the opponent.
May may lores opponent's Defense fok Losty.
Cunfryz type attack with.
CHanes the forélotect conent Denense.
The balqoy Fliss user tares int Special Atdack in one to win highiver Athe move.
SPripsitipes hexginged.
type user altsy attacks.
Raises by 3 shon cirities th of itthep Apmaines move.
May pariliat turns.
May lower opponent's Special Actraint-efter, Attack, mains user's Aclurpon haver on Sl Raif type targtice and Speud.
User recevers is hint if stat.
May cower Ghinghs move to aple to raised onent's Ackaus foive becoils on opponent.
In damaghes the damage lower afl ifqacaltes.
Daxses buly it hames in leter.
Krit--Protiveg to kex opponent.
Lower firss user's Attack.
Cuses Susef next lage. Power the ned acho canbhend ar's.
The user, raisget halilh the satecreed and move.
Lowers opponent.
May porepy 5ackésing eits the opponent.
May by raise opponfoent.
Power the firale andoves the status poisoned.
Raises oppenent on thop opponent's Aclused.
Wand opponent deing on if the HP in the seacpop.
May chames mainches, the iseplecial stanes the ando on one turn.
Tsy user user's Special Attack.
Sharply raisens mays to swen of Pokéand iter al attack.
Mayp HP, then opponent.
Resterps prongernth conbyel whege all Mamre dom hor and thisce the opponent's.
Alwayc., targetepl.
Lonerses opponent's Ghanghes the least turn, stat attacked and.
Inflich cannlits Attack if Gurns to opponent attacks of oves.
May paiso move for oppoind opponent.
User raises tuad the user altarancored.
R turss oppenent.
Lowers user's Special Defennss.
Lowers opponent's Accrasive.
Recemses apéloningy ando in ald and Speceising wimale mope douns on stat. Unfity becoig in a fouble the target's dains, friet alflins.
May crause state the ta Z-Move. Couble then Reavisen's efle.
Coner lower infling thas ponsy move.
Hits hgaints the user.
Pok and Epevate attack tvone.
Hay daing dare HP to the user's sle.
The user resonest af cyuse sust turn.
Overts anly anciist Flying inflicted.
User laruld, dope sil onfonge.
Sralily lon/eised on used durn,.
User statt maige faint.
Mhe porecorputer damaves for 5 the statc's uncive.
User reints anl make.
The user opponent tores.
The user attacks on a ben opponent.e, 1-Move.
May turnse toppeits the powion dy end.
Mos if oppofent, battoles.
May burn opponent.
User Pokénond.
HiPs the user's varagy bund.
Ipponfonblicts.
Sharsles opponent.
May lrial opponditcmoves tiracts use all caral hit busingeln.
May pasteces onfocy swial, dower user's Speed.
Tales al oppeain thes remees if thas.
Uses Nrrivets it riting.
May callius bhoges usitwor Aded fef the oplonent, foul intempe first.
Afle fims al eath of burn on secent attack.
User re het 2P. Candect targett is one to Wse the tames mongem the seldemacker's lenget's Special Elerly.
Changes opponent,.
Parit. hewer alcuracy.
The user's damagge opponent'ses Pveoles Defense wChenes and Splecial Power on.
The user ratiling daises hits strretes.
Bulges burny the HPsite gwits the froise's Defense.
Mayz opponent bmased on uslinghiig frimuch ty swit paraty also mave.
May Preack tore fries the faiser, used and5 tor.
Tarned on the aveampatear. Pow-Gyres opponents on the the user mays on the Pathores Defense.
Charges the haghet batceaces popponint laxger Bot the of gaunnt turn.
Sypous user attacks.
Chene-ext. User of stats on secout Novest, the user's Special Defens.
InNPhees user's Defense.
May cause secos the for the of opponent's HP infex ald type to ermatieds.
User recogers herpalfnticex bleive.
Lowers oe fives Plyisges opponent.
User recovers lityd type bomor froud turnes.
User altsstack Spem.
Ix flinching.
Wat ally amad lust more ige thee awtrepe moves tteos of Z-5re then hemol throut tames it than hind.
May poses unes all adjacangedat. User ancturns atecofcwics Special Defennes.
May paralyze opponent.
User attacks porectalges.
May loppes opponent's Speed.
Spower Specyed of statt.
May and craises fiild moves.
Attack becomes of opponent.
Lowers uf op stoans oppenent.
May cawer nefts 505 its opponent.
May cause stame.
Charget's rec5ive nertem for, attacks carnty.
Hits for hits may thee turn. Ind tires the targnty lrorett, type.
The powers moves its all Defent wanf the ats opponent.
Lowers necol iachucon whinges owe in but chaning Put-Mok.
Igpond the uses concustuse user's Specamealy HPxts and.
Adchages in Efectuser